

rfema 1.0.0 (2021-12-28)
=========================
Changes made for this version are primarily a result of suggestions made while 
the package was reviewed for inclusion in the rOpensci suite of packages. Thus, 
the following summarizes suggestions made by reviews and then how those 
suggestions were dealt with.

### DOCUMENTATION FIXES

* rOpensci Reviewer Suggestion: emphasize in readme that no API is needed.
    - The following line has been added to the first paragraph of the README 
    file: "Notably, the FEMA API does not require an API key meaning the package
    is extremely accessible regardless of if the user has ever interacted with 
    an API. "
    
* TODO: link FEMA data sets webpage in README, vignette, and help file, when talking about fema_data_sets()
 
  
* rOpensci Reviewer Suggestion: remove the use of kable() in the readme and 
vignettes (removed from readme but not vignette yet)
  - `kable()` is not longer used to present output in the documentation files. 
  Most output is now returned as a tibble making the use of `kable()` unnecesary
  for truncating long blocks of text.

* rOpensci Reviewer Suggestion: fix link to R-CMD-check badge
  - The link to the R-CMD-check badge has been fixed and point to the correct 
  Github repo
  
* TODO: proofread readme, vignette, and function docs (devtools::spell_check())

* rOpensci Reviewer Suggestion: Add description field for `bulk_dl()` in the help file.
    - the `bulk_dl()` help file now has a description field.

* rOpensci Reviewer Suggestion: make sure functions in helpers.R are NOT exported
  - all functions in the helpers.R files are no longer exported. 

* TODO: make sure there are links in the README to the Contributing file. 

* TODO: include issues template in README using usethis::use_tidy_issue_template()

* TODO: update DESCRIPTION file to include reviewers (who want to be acknowledged)

* TODO: clarify that the first block of code in the readme is without the package (pull request)
  - DONE:

* TODO: pre-compile vignette and make available from R console https://ropensci.org/blog/2019/12/08/precompute-vignettes/

* TODO: use TRUE/FALSE in the documentation
  - all function help files use TRUE/FALSE now

* TODO: The link to the code of conduct from the CONTRIBUTING file is broken. (need to fix)

### MINOR IMPROVEMENTS

* rOpensci Reviewer Suggestion: Convert all output to tibbles
  - All exported functions that return objects now return that data as at tibble 

* rOpensci Reviewer Suggestion: Add a estimate for the time it will take to 
complete an API query.
  - When  the `ask_before_call` argument is set to `TRUE` in the `open_fema` 
  function, in addition to outputting a console message letting the user know how
  many individual API query iterations are necessary to retrieve their data, the 
  message will also present an estimate of the time it will take to do this. The 
  time estimate is generated by making 5 API queries in the background on the 
  `data_set` specified in `open_fema`, timing them, then extrapolating the 
  average time per query to the number of queries needed to get the full set of 
  records the user is requesting. A new helper function, `time_iterations`, 
  handles this process. 

* rOpensci Reviewer Suggestion: Format returned date and time columns as POSIX 
  - A new helper function was written, `convert_dates`, that takes the returned 
  data set and attempts to convert any column that has "date" in its label to  
  POSIX format. This is done within the `open_fema` function so the tibble 
  returned to the user has dates converted before it reaches them.
    
* rOpensci Reviewer Suggestion: investigate if parameter_values() function can 
obtain all parameter values, instead of just searching the first 1000 records 
for unique values of the parameters.
  - As far as I can tell, there is  way to obtain all the unique
  values for a data set column without obtaining the entire data set and 
  searching all the records. I've modified the function to make it clear that
  what is presented does not represent the full range of possible parameter 
  values, but instead just provides some examples to help the user understand 
  the data set. 

* rOpensci Reviewer Suggestion: using remotes instead of devtools for installation in README (pull request)
  - Pull request was accepted and merged.

* rOpensci Reviewer Suggestion: memoization should be done in the  .onLoad function
  - All functions that should be memoized receive memoization in the 
  .onLoad function now.

### BUG FIXES 

* rOpensci Reviewer Suggestion: Fix bug in iteration message (prints FALSE) for 
the `open_fema` function.
  - Fixed.

* rOpensci Reviewer Suggestion: alter iteration message for the `open_fema` so
is overwrites the previous console message after each iteration.
   - Fixed. The message displayed after each iteration now looks like the 
   following: "Obtaining Data: 3 out of 5 iterations (60% complete)"
    
* rOpensci Reviewer Suggestion:  wrap examples in \dontrun{} to avoid CRAN check
failures when the FEMA API is down.
  - Done.


rfema 0.0.0.9000 (2021-11-19)
=========================

### DOCUMENTATION FIXES
* Added a NEWS.md file 

<!-- ### NEW FEATURES -->

<!--   * New function added `do_things()` to do things (#5) -->

<!-- ### MINOR IMPROVEMENTS -->

 
<!--   * Improved documentation for `things()` (#4) -->

<!-- ### BUG FIXES -->

  
<!--   * Fix parsing bug in `stuff()` (#3) -->

<!-- ### DEPRECATED AND DEFUNCT -->

<!--   * `hello_world()` now deprecated and will be removed in a -->
<!--      future version, use `hello_mars()` -->

<!-- ### DOCUMENTATION FIXES -->

<!--   * Adding a NEWS.md file -->

<!-- ### (a special: any heading grouping a large number of changes under one thing) -->

<!--     * blablabla. -->

